Structure for Django API (#655)
opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations: deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration/options.md

| migrationConsoleServiceEnabled       | boolean | true                                                                   | Enable deploying the given service, via a new CloudFormation stack                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | migrationConsoleDjangoAPIEnabled     | boolean | true                                                                   | **Experimental** flag for enabling a basic Django API layer on the Migration Console for controlling migration actions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Lets remove the technology name from everything that doesn't need it.  While its Django today, we don't need to expose it outside its actual implementation, no?

```suggestion
| migrationAPIEnabled     | boolean | true                                                                   | **Experimental** flag for enabling a API on the Migration Console for controlling migration actions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```
